INTMDB-587: New Feature: Backup Compliance Policy Support (#1127)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/advanced_cluster.html.markdown

~> **IMPORTANT:**
<br> &#8226; The primary difference between [`mongodbatlas_cluster`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/cluster) and [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/advanced_cluster) is that `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` supports multi-cloud clusters.  We recommend new users start with the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource.  

> -> **NOTE:** If you enable a Backup Compliance Policy, no user, regardless of role, can disable the Backup Compliance Policy without contacting MongoDB support, delete a backup snapshot, decrease the retention time for a snapshot after it's taken, disable Cloud Backup, modify the backup policy for an individual cluster below the minimum requirements set in the Backup Compliance Policy, or delete the Atlas project if any snapshots exist. For full list of impacts and more details see [Backup Compliance Policy Prohibited Actions and Considerations](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup/cloud-backup/backup-compliance-policy/#configure-a-backup-compliance-policy). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** If Backup Compliance Policy is enabled for the project for which this backup schedule is defined, you cannot modify the backup schedule for an individual cluster below the minimum requirements set in the Backup Compliance Policy.  See [Backup Compliance Policy Prohibited Actions and Considerations](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup/cloud-backup/backup-compliance-policy/#configure-a-backup-compliance-policy).
```

Reviewer 2: Minor addition to @Zuhairahmed's suggestion - just a comma to separate "...for which this backup schedule is defined, you cannot..."

> -> **NOTE:** If Backup Compliance Policy is disabled and you then terminate a cluster, Atlas deletes the cluster's associated backup snapshots. If however Backup Compliance Policy is enabled, the backup is retained after cluster is deleted and backups can be used normally until retention expiration. For more details see [Back Up, Restore, and Archive Data](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup-restore-cluster/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> <br> &#8226; Upgrading the shared tier is supported. Any change from a shared tier cluster, aka tenant, to a different instance size will be considered a tenant upgrade. When upgrading from the shared tier, change the `provider_name` from "TENANT" to your preferred provider (AWS, GCP or Azure) and remove the variable `backing_provider_name`.  See the [Example Tenant Cluster Upgrade](#Example-Tenant-Cluster-Upgrade) below.   Note you can upgrade a shared tier cluster only to a single provider M10 or greater.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<br> &#8226; Upgrading the shared tier is supported. Any change from a shared tier cluster (a tenant) to a different instance size will be considered a tenant upgrade. When upgrading from the shared tier, change the `provider_name` from "TENANT" to your preferred provider (AWS, GCP or Azure) and remove the variable `backing_provider_name`.  See the [Example Tenant Cluster Upgrade](#Example-Tenant-Cluster-Upgrade) below.   Note you can upgrade a shared tier cluster only to a single provider on an M10-tier cluster or greater.  
```

> <br> &#8226; WARNING WHEN UPGRADING TENANT/SHARED CLUSTERS!!! When upgrading from the shared tier *only* the upgrade changes will be applied. This is done in-order to avoid a corrupt state file in the event that the upgrade succeeds, but subsequent updates fail within the same `terraform apply`. In order to apply any other cluster changes, run a secondary `terraform apply` after the upgrade succeeds.

Reviewer 2: 1. I think this should be an important note rather than introduced with "WARNING WHEN... etc." because we don't use exclamation marks to imply importance elsewhere.
2. For the note itself, suggest copy changes:
```suggestion
<br> &#8226; **IMPORTANT NOTE** When upgrading from the shared tier, *only* the upgrade changes will be applied. This helps avoid a corrupt state file in the event that the upgrade succeeds but subsequent updates fail within the same `terraform apply`. To apply additional cluster changes, run a secondary `terraform apply` after the upgrade succeeds.
```

> -> **NOTE:** Groups and projects are synonymous terms. You may find group_id in the official documentation.

Reviewer 2: Nitpick, per the MongoDB docs style guide
```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** Groups and projects are synonymous terms. You might find group_id in the official documentation.
```

~> **IMPORTANT:**
<br> &#8226; The primary difference between [`mongodbatlas_cluster`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/cluster) and [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/advanced_cluster) is that `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` supports multi-cloud clusters.  We recommend new users start with the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource.  

> -> **NOTE:** If you enable a Backup Compliance Policy, no user, regardless of role, can disable the Backup Compliance Policy without contacting MongoDB support, delete a backup snapshot, decrease the retention time for a snapshot after it's taken, disable Cloud Backup, modify the backup policy for an individual cluster below the minimum requirements set in the Backup Compliance Policy, or delete the Atlas project if any snapshots exist. For full list of impacts and more details see [Backup Compliance Policy Prohibited Actions and Considerations](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup/cloud-backup/backup-compliance-policy/#configure-a-backup-compliance-policy). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** If you enable a Backup Compliance Policy, no user, regardless of role, can disable the Backup Compliance Policy without contacting MongoDB support, delete a backup snapshot, decrease the retention time for a snapshot after it's taken, disable Cloud Backup, modify the backup policy for an individual cluster below the minimum requirements set in the Backup Compliance Policy, or delete the Atlas project if any snapshots exist. For full list of impacts and more details see [Backup Compliance Policy Prohibited Actions and Considerations](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup/cloud-backup/backup-compliance-policy/#configure-a-backup-compliance-policy). 

```

~> **IMPORTANT:**
<br> &#8226; The primary difference between [`mongodbatlas_cluster`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/cluster) and [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/advanced_cluster) is that `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` supports multi-cloud clusters.  We recommend new users start with the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource.  

> -> **NOTE:** If you enable a Backup Compliance Policy, no user, regardless of role, can disable the Backup Compliance Policy without contacting MongoDB support, delete a backup snapshot, decrease the retention time for a snapshot after it's taken, disable Cloud Backup, modify the backup policy for an individual cluster below the minimum requirements set in the Backup Compliance Policy, or delete the Atlas project if any snapshots exist. For more details see (Backup Compliance Policy Prohibited Actions and Considerations)[https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup/cloud-backup/backup-compliance-policy/#configure-a-backup-compliance-policy]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** If you enable a Backup Compliance Policy, no user, regardless of role, can disable the Backup Compliance Policy without contacting MongoDB support, delete a backup snapshot, decrease the retention time for a snapshot after it's taken, disable Cloud Backup, modify the backup policy for an individual cluster below the minimum requirements set in the Backup Compliance Policy, or delete the Atlas project if any snapshots exist. For full list of impacts and more details see [Backup Compliance Policy Prohibited Actions and Considerations](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup/cloud-backup/backup-compliance-policy/#configure-a-backup-compliance-policy). 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
